it_takes_two/README.md, before:

When my sister and I were little, we loved to play Fireboy and Watergirl together on our family computer.
It didn't take too long before we beat every single game we could find, but there were no other free, two-player games
for us to play together. It was frustrating for us at the time and I still wish there were some simple free
computer games that younger kids could play together on one computer.
The other problem that video games introduce? Zoned out kids who don't know how to talk to each other.
This site exists to solve both problems!!
Here you'll find a few free games intended for two players. In between each turn, the players get a chance to discuss
a simple life question together (and strategize how to WIN when their turn comes...)



Things I'll need to pull off this site:
Home page with game images and short descriptions
    A row of categories that the questions can come from
    Home page logo
Games page with a search bar to search games
    Playable game of tictactoe in its own box
        Updating player number, tictactoe values, etc
    Playable game of hangman
        Set of pngs that will update depending on if the user guess is correct or not
JSON thing storing all the reflection questions
    Tags denoting which category they come from
    A question pops up after each player takes a turn in a game


DUE April 5th- not a lot of time to pull this off
    April 26th- skeleton built out (two pages, working links, etc)
    April 27th (do on drive)- JSON for reflection questions implemented
    April 28th- more images for pretend games that could come in the future
    April 29th- home page complete, search bar functional, CSS functioning
    April 30th- work on tic tac toe code on drive home
    April 2nd- Tic tac toe game operational within webpage, questions should be implemented if not working
    April 4th- hangman game operational
    April 5th- final testing and turn in

Other two-player games:
    chess, infinite runner game, guessing game, checkers, connect four, dots and boxes

Other bonus things to do:
    Change colors for categories
    Add hover/etc on Play Now button
    Make text in inputs bigger
    Restrictions on input boxes
    Add numbers 1-3 on top and to left of tic tac toe
    Add letters to left of hangman
    Add start button that triggers the modal rather than on page load
    simplify button css for all buttons
    Add heading in modal that displays which category was chosen for questions
    keep track of which questions have already been shown so they don't get repetitive
    Move x button in modal so it's actually above question box
    Reroute someone back to home if they use the search bar on a different screen
    Should the close-modal button be present for the beginning choose category screen?

Commit message:

Final project criteria completed. Games still don't work but simulating turns will show the question modal

it_takes_two/README.md, after:

When my sister and I were little, we loved to play Fireboy and Watergirl together on our family computer.
It didn't take too long before we beat every single game we could find, but there were no other free, two-player games
for us to play together. It was frustrating for us at the time and I still wish there were some simple free
computer games that younger kids could play together on one computer.
The other problem that video games introduce? Zoned out kids who don't know how to talk to each other.
This site exists to solve both problems!!
Here you'll find a few free games intended for two players. In between each turn, the players get a chance to discuss
a simple life question together (and strategize how to WIN when their turn comes...)



Things I'll need to pull off this site:
Home page with game images and short descriptions
    A row of categories that the questions can come from
    Home page logo
Games page with a search bar to search games
    Playable game of tictactoe in its own box
        Updating player number, tictactoe values, etc
    Playable game of hangman
        Set of pngs that will update depending on if the user guess is correct or not
JSON thing storing all the reflection questions
    Tags denoting which category they come from
    A question pops up after each player takes a turn in a game


DUE April 5th- not a lot of time to pull this off
    April 26th- skeleton built out (two pages, working links, etc)
    April 27th (do on drive)- JSON for reflection questions implemented
    April 28th- more images for pretend games that could come in the future
    April 29th- home page complete, search bar functional, CSS functioning
    April 30th- work on tic tac toe code on drive home
    April 2nd- Tic tac toe game operational within webpage, questions should be implemented if not working
    April 4th- hangman game operational
    April 5th- final testing and turn in

Other two-player games:
    chess, infinite runner game, guessing game, checkers, connect four, dots and boxes

Other bonus things to do:
    Change colors for categories
    Add hover/etc on Play Now button
    Make text in inputs bigger
    Restrictions on input boxes
    Add numbers 1-3 on top and to left of tic tac toe
    Add letters to left of hangman
    Add start button that triggers the modal rather than on page load
    simplify button css for all buttons
    Add heading in modal that displays which category was chosen for questions
    keep track of which questions have already been shown so they don't get repetitive
    Move x button in modal so it's actually above question box
    Reroute someone back to home if they use the search bar on a different screen
    Make the nav bar just "home" for small screens
    Hide all question categories or make them smaller on small screen
    even smaller screen handling
